Here you hear you, Harmontown is now in session. How was everyone out there tonight?
Welcome once again, Harmonians, Harmonites, put your hands together for the mayor of Harmontown,
Mr. Dan Harmon. Yo, yo, yo, yo, okay, yo, sugar fried titties in your butt and your mouth,
fuck your mama north, fuck your mama south, salt, pepper, pepper, salt, fuck your mama so hard,
she turned into asphalt, I've turned her ass into a road, lying down the middle, she is a
horny toad, took the big dick, split her down the middle, cat in the spoon in the moon in the
fiddle, fuck your mama like she was a pancake, fuck your mama orgasms weren't faked, flipped her
up in the air and then down, fucked your mama's smile into a frown, gotta dance, I gotta dance
tonight, make your mama feel right, gotta dance tonight, break it down, fuck your mama, I fucked
your mama, this is the whole show tonight you guys, I fucked your mama, I fucked your mama,
80 minutes of freestyle rap about your mama, fucked your mama's smile up into a frown,
fucked your mama's glasses back onto her head, looked like a librarian instead, fucked your mama's
face, fucked her in her nose, fucked your mama, that's how it goes, I'm trying to tell you that
I fucked your mom, don't you understand, I haven't been unclear, fucked your mama, your daddy just
watched, I fucked your mama and your daddy just sat there, fucked your mama and your daddy didn't
do nothing, fucked your mama, your daddy was the victim, maybe we'll start each show with
a freestyle rap from now on, we can say this, nobody could accuse you of beating around the
bush about whether or not you fucked someone's mom or not, I'm not soft on mama's, you were
very candid about fucking someone's mama, if MCing, is that what it's called MCing, is that
when you rap, if MCing was an elected position, my platform would not involve being soft on your
mama, I would be tough on her, which is probably why I'd never get elected, I don't think that
position should be up for focus, 51% of the population is women, they don't want to elect
somebody as an MC that's gonna just fuck everyone's mama, because I didn't hear anything in that
rap, Jeff, I'm scrutinizing myself, I didn't hear anything in that rap about consensual sex,
but none of our gathams were fake, that's true, she did like it, I think you fucked
her glasses into her head, which is a little disturbing, I thought they should have come
to a librarian, she embedded them into her, no, no, no, no, got that's violent, breaking
down, give me a beat, we'll clarify it, your mama liked it, your mom likes it, yeah, here
yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, when I fuck your mama, she likes it a lot, I fuck her so hard,
her nose runs with snot, it's kinda gross, but she likes it, it's wild abandoned, it's
like she likes it, you know, like life's surreal, your mama likes it so much, I fuck her for
real, I might marry her, I might give her a ring, I fuck your mama so good the bitch
starts to sing, she goes, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, I like to give a fuck, but Dan
Harmon, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, fuck me in the morning, but Dan Harmon, there's a little hook
there, well, thank you, thank you folks, thank you, now we got the ladies on our side, that's
good, so you gotta, you gotta, don't forget the sensitivity, also, too much, too much
misogyny in rap, you gotta, and certainly now, women don't, you know, must get tired
of that stereotype that men are only after young ladies, you know, you're after mamas,
you know, and it's, mamas are still sexy, can I ask you, as an objective observer, because
I go into a kind of fugue state when I rap, when I, I become a, I become just a, a science
dropper, like I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't have consciousness, it's just moving
through me like a channel, why, why, what, what do I do when I'm rapping that results
in me being out of breath, why, why, it seems like I'm just rapping, why am I out of breath?
You can do your little toddler dance, right, but that doesn't seem like exercise, like,
I guess, also, you're, you're, you're doing more exhaling than inhaling probably, if
you're doing it right.
Right, okay, that's what it is.
But you have that respiratory alkalosis thing, so that's good for you, I'd say, you breathe
too much, sorry, I got my new phone and I don't know how to, it's pretty big, look at
this fucking thing, he got, what is this called, the Samsung Gigantor, it's an iPad, some people
call it a phablet, a phablet, part phone, part tablet, nope, nobody calls, no one calls
it that, I defected from Apple, it fits, it fits almost in my pocket, yeah, it's, it's
large, it's large, Aaron keeps suggesting that I got it because I'm so old that I like
that it's like a big phone for old people, and that's kind of true, like, I'm able to
thumb type faster on it, I think it's a crime that I'm not able to, you know, when I was,
I've always, ever since I was like 15 years old, I've always loved having like little
devices and things, even though at 15, what do you, what do you need them for, to schedule
your chronic masturbation, or to like remind yourself to ask for another one next Christmas,
like there was nothing I needed it for, but I just loved them, they're like, like, like
made me feel like, like Penny and Inspector Gadget to have like a little, I should have
just tried Pigtails and save my parents like 10K a year out on these little gadgets, but
I always want, and that was before the internet was a thing, and certainly before the internet
could be a repository for personal information, as I got older, even though I didn't have
any use for these things, they never made me organize, they never, they never helped me
in any way, way before they were phones, I always, I always had this fantasy, like as
they became more sophisticated, I was like, yeah, what I want to do is I want to, I want
to use these things, like seamlessly to record every, every little bit of my life, I want
to like, I want to be like this, this human catalog of useless, like, like this was a
guy and he was here and there was, this is what he had for breakfast at any given day,
I just be able to like go through my life and just pounce on any, any moment, like I wanted
to be the Bridget Jones of doing nothing at all, and I just ended up being the forest
gump of buying little pieces of plastic shit, like I said, because I was just like, every,
every single one that came out, I was there for palm pilots, I was there for things you
guys don't remember, because you're, you're 25, but, but I, I, I, then the iPhone came
out and it was like, okay, this is going to be great, because this is now an accessory,
now everyone's, everyone's, it's a cool to whip it out, it's fine, you don't have to
bring ordinary life to a halt, just to try to catalog your ordinary life, but then the
old Henry twist on that is that all our ordinary lives became so intermingled with these things
that ordinary life changed, you know, we know, I'm not, I'm not a hipster, Luddite snob
about it, I, I upgraded when we became cyborgs, I, I, I, I lost nothing and gained a world
when we, when we became Borg, I prefer it, I don't, I don't miss anything from the old
world, the only thing that I remember from the old world was a couple of people going
like, why is everyone on their phone all the time, like, like that, that's all I remember
about real conversation, I like that breakfasts are documentaries about documenting breakfasts,
like, I, I like, I like, I like, I like that we record everything and, but here's the thing
about the iPhone, like I gave something up in between the, I had a thing called a Palm
Trio and it was like, like, it looked like a lot like what blackberries look like, like,
it had a little thumb keyboard, the little raised keyboard, there was the feedback, there
was the bumps that you could feel and I could really, I could type on that fucker, I would
write like essays at bars, I would like, write outlines, I would get work done, not a lot,
but I would, I would, I would, I would write stuff, I would like, like, do blog entries
and the iPhone is like, that fucking like, you don't, no matter how hard you try, you
can't get good at typing on a, maybe, maybe some of like the girls with like the little
itty-bitty tiny little thumbs, like if your thumbs are like little styluses.
I get teased, people look over my children like, wow, you're, you're faster than my daughter
at that, yeah, well, maybe you have little, little, little sharp thumbs, no, I just got,
I just find that I spend exactly half the time on the iPhone, like correcting everything
and if you turn off the auto correct, then it's just a fucking plate of spaghetti, you
look up and you go, who, what was I even saying, what you do, when you have it on half the
time, you're saying, you know, I didn't want to say nugget, I wanted to say the N word,
you know, talking to my friend, Donald Clover has a really funny joke about that, but whatever,
I can't tell it because it involves saying that.
My phone is not smart enough to learn that I say fuck a lot more than duck, it really
wants me to say duck you a lot, go and duck yourself.
You can train them eventually, but the bottom line is like, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not saying
I'll meet you at the meeting at eight, that's the only thing that you can just type effortlessly
on the iPhone, like stuff that's like, yes, Bill, I'd love to schedule that appointment.
You can't, you can't just go, you know, man, give me some of that, Screab Squab, Flippy
Flap, like you can't colloquialize, you can't, you can't, and that's, that's you buying
hash, right?
I want some Screab Squab, anyways, so I got this giant phone, it looks like a griddle,
it looks like a, to me, it looks like what you get served a nice aperitif on, like a
butler comes up with that and there's a drink on top of it.
It's an iPhone Maxi, so you can't, you can't see it in podcast land, but it, it's, it's
big enough that it looks like it should have a handle on it, like a, like a vanity mirror,
like it looks like, like it's, it's, it's, it's, it's face is the size of us, of a,
yeah, of an industrial spatula, or a big, or a big hairbrush, yeah, but it's got a, so
it's got a big fat keyboard for my big fat thumbs, and I can thumb my little, my little
heart away.
I'm getting a little accuracy, I can tell that over time I'll actually get better, I
don't have auto correct on, I'm just, I'm just thumbing and thumbing, so you can expect
some wonderful things from old, uh, fuck your mama, uh, rapper coming down the blog
pike.
Yo.
That's not the farm.
Wait, hang on.
Yo.
What did I do?
Zach, what, what was that one called?
Yeah.
Yo.
I got a real big phone.
It's the size of a spatula.
Oh, your fucks.
Raps starting with spatula.
I got to need more hands than a tarantula if I'm going to handle a phone the size of
a spatula, whatever.
It's not.
I'm, I'm still out of breath from the second rap.
Let's, let's, let's start with a couple of raps and then we'll roll into some social commentary
and then, and then we'll close with a real, real, real big number.
Okay.
And you know what else I should do?
I was thinking because I saw some of that Katy Perry documentary movie.
That was a documentary, right?
That wasn't fiction.
I have no idea what you're talking about.
I need to do wardrobe changes at these shows.
She changed her clothes a lot.
Yeah.
Like Dolly Parton.
It looks, it's, it's, it's a fun thing for the, for the people.
I don't want to keep looking at, you know, it's like I should have like a little, you
have a little, like a little oriental.
A little rack.
A little screen back here, like Martin Short.
You can come back and you come out as Glick or whatever the hell.
Yeah.
I mean, it's a smaller stage.
So I could just get dressed in front of people.
I don't have to, there doesn't have to be magic about it.
It doesn't have to feel like, how do you do that?
You can go, oh, that's how he does that.
Like.
Wow.
He buttons the shirt.
Yeah.
That's, that's what I do.
And he buttons on another shirt.
Finding out that you're, that I'm like you, it makes you feel more magical.
One plaintive cry of protest.
It was my first guest, ma'am.
I don't know.
I don't have an objective of you of myself.
I thought that people loved me because they thought I was magical.
It's just, it's just my first guest.
Your dance is magical.
Yeah.
It's tiring though.
So we're going to, we're going to go on tour.
I know you guys don't care.
I announced this before and it was like, you get lukewarm applause because you're talking
to the people that you're leaving when you're going on tour.
But, but we are going to go all around the country.
It's, it's official now.
Yeah.
I can, I can really say it.
We're going to, we're going to, we're going to take two weeks in January and we're just
going to go like mad rabid dogs.
There's no days off.
We're in a different city.
Every night.
And so we're not going to enjoy being in those cities.
No.
We're going to see a hotel, a tour bus, and a microphone.
And that's, and then a bed.
And that's going to be it.
It's going to be, it's going to be gripping.
And we're going to visit each of the many, many cities within the sound of my voice.
We may be coming through your town.
We'll, we'll announce an official schedule at some point.
And, and, and so, and we'll try to, my original plan was, oh, and then we'll tweet when we're
on the road and people will go, oh, come to my little, little town.
All I got is a bus stop.
And there's only six people that know who you are, but, but, you know, stop at the bus
stop and do a little rap about fucking their moms and stuff.
And like, like, like, but I don't think we're going to have time for that.
I think it's just going to be like, we got to get from Dallas to, to, to Schmalis,
whatever another city would be.
I don't know.
Schmalis.
I don't even know most of the states.
They're going to memorize cities.
But we're going to go like just a circle.
We're going to draw a little story circle around America.
So fuck you, Iowa.
Because we're not going to, it's just, you're just going to be there in the, what's in the
middle?
Is Iowa in the middle?
Yeah, no.
All right.
I think Kansas, right?
Is that the no lady, the same, the same lady say no the second time?
The lady that tonight?
I got her to say yes to something.
Who is it?
Raise your hand.
Who's?
Where's the no lady?
Is that Justin's mom?
Who is that?
Oh, I'm sorry.
Wow.
You're a silhouette.
Dan, Dan, fuck her.
Oh my God.
I know my friend Justin's mom is here and you're a silhouette.
I thought you were my friend's mom, so I almost fucked you.
And if it hurt your feelings, I'll still sleep tonight because you're kind of yelling stuff
out in the middle of the show.
And also you've made your stance very clear on mamas.
Yeah.
I'm hard on them.
I mean, I give them what they want in an unapologetic and unsolicited fashion.
But always consensual, liberal way.
No fake orgasms.
Yeah, and always, always, their body, their choice afterward, whatever.
It's very thoughtful of them.
It's very, very thoughtful.
That's when pro-choice becomes misogynistic.
I just realized that.
Yeah, there's a version of pro-chase that it's absolutely horrendously sexist.
Yeah, yeah, your body, your choice.
Says I.
For breakfast.
All right.
Anyways, enough about politics.
Let's talk about race.
I think I'm the first show to close the book on race, right?
You keep opening it, though.
That book is frequently reopened.
Well, it's a magical book.
It flies in the beginning of Spielberg's Amazing Stories title sequence.
Wow.
Three people.
Remember that show? Does anyone remember Amazing Stories?
Yeah.
The same little lady?
I think it's amazing that even Spielberg isn't allowed to.
He can't just roll into TV and go, because I said so.
He's constantly taking another attempt at bat.
Everybody wants to do TV.
TV really doesn't.
I found that TV does not care about your feature credentials.
They just don't care.
You constantly see people who are big movie stars and movie directors and stuff.
They launch shows and TV just goes, yeah.
Fuck.
If no one watches it, fuck you.
It's pretty amazing.
It's kind of comforting to know that Spielberg has to try just as hard as you would to make
a little show about dinosaurs or something.
Let's make a prediction right now.
You've got a CBS show that you're making.
You've got a Fox show you're making.
Let's time capsule this.
Predictions on the success, the livelihood, the duration of these shows.
I would say try to be right.
Let's replay this in like two years, three years, whatever.
Well, I think the Fox one will get a production order for the pilot, and then it won't get
picked up.
It'll be like a pilot people grow up, but that was good.
And they'll be like, yeah, it wasn't that good.
And then the CBS one, I think will, all right, serious prediction.
I'm just going to make it.
I'm not going to jinx myself.
It's going to get picked up.
Do you want to wrap it or do you want to just say it?
I'll just say it.
It's going to get, we'll shoot a pilot.
It'll be my first multi-cam pilot, and six and out.
Six episodes canceled.
That's my prediction.
But that's not chicken feet, man.
No.
That's a swimming pool.
It's sad.
It's a little sad.
It's sad for the actors.
Yeah.
Yeah, all those little actors.
Imagine them acting their little hearts out.
I'm going to pilot, but I better make an extra good this morning.
No, no, Toby.
I'm the fucking kiss of death, baby.
I've done so many failed TV shows.
I am absolutely like just a scourge.
I've never gotten out of season one.
I've done so much.
I'm going for Clooney's records of most failed pilots.
Yeah.
By the way, we're taking a break from D&D this week.
And it's not because Spencer was so mopey last week.
He was chomping at Spencer.
Spencer took his own life this morning.
That episode hasn't aired yet.
We had quite an emotional episode that will be, I guess,
will be airing this coming.
It's very sad.
For those of you who are here in the first...
He fired a 22-sided bullet through his brain.
He cast magic bullets through his head.
Spencer, you feeling all right?
Let's get Spencer up and get a progress report.
All right, let's check in with Spencer.
Yo, yo, yo, yo.
Spencer for hire, the man with the plan.
The flannel shirt even taller than Dan.
He's got a big-ass beard like a Viking warrior.
I fucked your mama because she's even horrier than me.
I drank my pee.
I ate my poop.
And then I said, for me, I licked my lips.
And I did it again.
I fucked your mama five times.
Then I fucked her 10.
I fucked your mama.
Welcome, Spencer.
Thanks.
I feel welcome.
Spencer, you want to try your hand on some freestyle?
No, no thanks.
Maybe someday.
Yo.
I don't know.
Sorry, guys.
All right.
God damn it.
Don't break my heart.
What are these days?
One of some days, Sam.
I'll train.
All right.
Maybe I'll just kind of leave that on in the background.
You guys are so...
Talk about whatever you guys are going to talk about.
My name is Spencer.
And I'm here to say, I'm going to rule your dice.
Give your life away.
That was me.
That was me for him to say.
Yeah.
It would be fun to do like a Super Bowl shuffle
and have like Adam Goldberg come out
and each person raps what their name is
and how they're valuable to Harmontown.
Do like a little Harmontown rap.
Spencer, are you feeling better?
Spencer, update.
I was feeling good until like just now.
I was like, I can't rap.
I didn't really fuck your mama.
No, that's fine.
Oh.
Low on the priorities list.
Well, I mean, I usually do D&D, but that's not happening.
So what's up, you guys?
Do you have other D&D games running?
Not right now.
I usually kind of crash and burn
because my mom doesn't know what's going on.
Not right now, I usually kind of crash and burn
because my player group is totally gossiping on the Internet.
My player group sucks a lot.
So is it Trisha?
Yeah.
No, fuck it.
She never stops shopping.
She always wants to buy more 50 feet of rope.
Like Trisha, there's a dungeon at the Ziggurat.
She's like, I don't care.
I need more burlap sex.
I didn't know you could go shopping in D&D.
Yeah, I mean, you guys never do it, but I mean, you totally can.
I build cities, but you guys don't use them.
Wait, you don't build cities?
There's always a path in a thing.
You were in a village once or twice.
Yeah.
We haven't been to town in like a city kind of sense, I wouldn't say.
I don't know.
Have we?
Yeah, yeah.
We can really go anywhere and do anything.
Yeah, yeah, definitely.
To the eternal plane of fire.
I'm having trouble deciding on something because I told you last week,
and again, this one hasn't podcast yet,
whatever, edit out me talking about that because it gets so confusing.
But I told you last week that I've successfully sold, basically.
I think I can say the word sold, the idea of doing the Dungeons & Dragons games
and then recording the audio,
and then we're going to have animators do stop motion guys acting out the action
and then it'll be like a thing, like Web of Sodes.
But my dilemma is, do we stop doing D&D at Harmontown?
We could do a different campaign.
We could keep this campaign going here and do it again.
We'll figure it out, whatever.
It'll be cool, you guys.
How many people here would be fine with us not doing D&D here at Harmontown?
If it was like a separate thing.
What if it was like a separate thing, though?
You don't hear a lot of hisses these days.
1930s.
My self-esteem grew three sizes that day.
Yeah, you are really, you're the thing.
How many people are incredibly upset that we're not playing D&D tonight?
All right, well, I'll see.
It's all of your bluff, didn't I?
It's all fine and well to oppose change,
but when it comes time to pick up a picket sign.
We're trying to find someone to play Lord Busselot's father.
See, that was my big mistake.
This is the exciting thing about the tour.
I feel like we should talk more about it next week
because I contacted a filmmaker that made a very cool documentary.
Maybe we could even have him as a guest next Monday.
Wait, what am I doing? I'm making everyone feel bad for not being here next week.
Well, that sounds like a boring interview, though, doesn't it, filmmaker?
Anyways, this guy did this really cool documentary
and I called him and I said,
look, you're the first person I thought of doing this Harmontown tour.
What if you came with? What if we made this road movie?
He's all excited about it.
We're going to sit down as soon as he gets back from New York.
It's going to be my point being that the fascinating thing is
it's going to be a show about a show about a show about not knowing how to do a show.
Because what I have found out for sure,
we've been doing these things now for over a year
and I know for certain, scientific certainty
that every time I try to plan something, it sucks.
It absolutely sucks and the only fun that we've ever had has been accidental.
It's uncanny.
I don't remember anything that we've ever decided before the show
that yielded any gumdrops.
We've decided vague things like let's play D&D, but that was all...
Let's dress as Jareth, but then I was in the green room
trying to memorize the song.
And then I just come up here and I saw my baby, I don't...
Jump like magic, jump.
Yeah, I didn't...
So anyways...
Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo.
Saw your mama yesterday, saw her today.
Fucked her in the straw, fucked her in the hay.
Fucked her in the barn, fucked her in the house,
fucked her with a rat.
Didn't fuck her with a mouse.
That was a mislead, you saw it coming.
Fucked your mama so hard, she started humming.
Hum, hum, hum, hum, hum, hum, hum, hum, hum, hum, hum.
We like to fuck you.
Gotta have that part.
So we're...
Spencer.
What's up?
I want you to rap, I want you to rap so bad.
I wish I was good.
You've heard Harmon and he's amazing.
One thing that people...
I saw people tweeting, like,
oh, you're gonna take Spencer along for the tour, right?
But it kind of makes no logical sense,
because each audience would be...
Like, we can't serialize the...
We could bring you along just to have you sit and do this.
You could just hold a metal axe and...
I'm trying to help Harmontown, you know,
if it helps me to be there, it's good.
If it helps me to not be there, it's good, I get it.
If you're coming on tour...
I'm not egotistical.
If you're coming on tour with Spencer, and I would love that,
I would fucking rap it.
I could agree to that.
We'll pay for all your meals and room and board
if you do a little rap at every show.
Yeah, yeah.
All right.
That's what it will be.
There's a plan, we made a plan, so now it's gonna...
I want to get...
I mean, this is really presumptuous,
and it's certainly not going to happen,
but it would be so cool if, like,
as you go from town to town,
we go on this little jog and there's a couple kids following.
By the end of the tour, there's a bunch of people
on the steps jumping around and getting strong now.
People want to just kind of follow us
from a little club to club around the country.
Harmon Heads.
You're talking about Harmon Heads.
They're different from Harmonians.
It's like Trekkers and Trekkies, you know?
Harmon Heads are...
There's the angle of the documentary.
Yeah, that's the angle.
So, how's your brother?
He just got his blood test results back,
and he's uncancorous, so it's all done.
He's good.
Yeah.
Awesome.
It's crazy, because he had, like, four different types.
Oh, he's gonna be so glad I'm telling everyone this.
He had, like, four types of cancer at once,
which is crazy.
Oh, really?
I thought just one.
It was like he had three tumors,
but they represented cell types from four different...
It's crazy.
Whenever people get cancer near you,
you become, like, a cancer expert.
It's like, awesome.
But, yeah, yeah, so he got a lot of different kinds of cancer,
which means he was basically like a walking cancer factory
for a while.
And, I mean, he's...
It's done.
He doesn't need chemo or anything.
He's minus a ball, you know?
He's living life and laughing easy.
Minus a ball?
You walked over that one like it was nothing.
It's a light cost, considering.
Yeah, that's true.
It's pretty common.
It's the most common type, right, for men.
Or am I getting that statistic wrong?
It's just...
It's the most for women.
Did the doctors, like, say anything about...
Did they tell him, like...
First of all, is he going to mind us talking about...
that he had testicular cancer and had a ball removed?
I don't care.
Okay.
You're like me with my brother.
Yeah, yeah.
Let's exploit him.
Except you like your brother.
You want to hang out with him.
Yeah, no, he's cool, but I think he'd be fine with this.
I mean, he'd be like, they're talking about me.
So did the doctors tell him when he got his...
when they were telling him, like, this is what we're going to do?
What's it called, the testectomy?
What do they call that when you remove it?
I don't know what they call it.
I wasn't there, sorry.
They can't call it neutering.
That's not good.
Well, that would be both of them, yeah.
Did they tell him, like, is there an effect on your psychology?
Do you become half a douche?
Do you have more female friends because you're a better person?
You lose your balance a lot.
Really?
No, no.
You crave pickles.
One of your vocal hordes tightens that gets higher voiced.
I don't know.
Yeah, no, I mean, you don't really need them.
Like, you could cut them off, you'd be fine.
Like, they're just...
They're external.
They're like, it's not like going into a body and like pulling out the appendix and then reattaching stuff so it doesn't bleed to death.
It's like, snip, and then, you know...
But isn't that where all...
That's where all the testosterone is made.
I mean, if you take the whole thing off, then you would...
Then you're a eunuch, don't you become like docile, like a cat?
I know nothing of testosterone production.
What's that?
But I mean, you can...
Yeah, why would you have to?
You don't need both of them.
Like, I mean, you can make semen and sperm and stuff with just the one.
You can.
He's been sure...
He's been sure he's always been shooting the left nut.
So, like, he's fine anyway.
Okay, all right.
That's my fault.
I shown the spotlight on that.
I'm reaping the whirlwind right now.
You wanted to talk about it.
I mean, it's certainly something that needs to be repped about.
Yo.
Do you want me to...
What?
Yo.
My brother, Chris, has one ball.
Take a step back.
You might just fall.
It...
That's all.
I'm getting there.
All right.
I mean, it's like...
That counts.
I'm going to put it in.
I'll be there, you know, in the future.
All right.
That was a lot of Spencer.
Spencer, everyone.
I'll also have a hand for Spencer for coming up.
Sorry, we didn't play D&D.
We'll give him a rest.
Well, by the way, that's not why...
I wanted to clarify that Spencer was lethargic last week, but that's not why there's no D&D
this week.
He's not on time out.
It's actually because...
Well, this is an example of how my plans always fall apart.
You can see, if you listen to the episode a couple weeks ago, you can hear me crossing
that threshold toward the end of the show where I'm just too sloppy drunk.
And I kind of like... I decide because we're going to visit my father in the D&D adventure.
I'm like, it pops in my head.
I go, I'm just going to lay all my cards on the table now.
I go, oh, Eric Eidel.
Let's get Eric Eidel to come to Harmontown because Jeff's hanging out with him and he's
Adam Goldberg's buddy.
Adam has his card.
Yeah, Adam got his card.
Eric Eidel.
Former Python, Gatabout, Foodie.
What does he need a card for?
Anyways, I was thinking, let's get him in here.
Even though these guys are only 25, a nerd is a nerd.
It's like having Led Zeppelin in here.
He, over a bottle of wine, he's like, oh, I'd love to come down.
We'll sing some songs.
Yeah.
He's always threatening to come in with his guitar.
But I wanted to do that.
Sing like fucking classic.
They wrote new, if there's any Python fans out there, they wrote new lyrics, updated
lyrics to the Galaxy Song, the universe song.
With Brian Cox, the guy who does the wonders of the universe, that kind of cool rock and
roll physicist guy.
They've written the new Galaxy Song.
It's awesome.
Yeah.
So anyways, that popped in my head.
So there I am.
You can hear me if you rewind to that episode.
You can hear me mentally pining.
As I stopped the D&D game, I'm in a drunken stupor.
I'm saying to Jeff, like, yeah, let's do that.
We should have a guest cameo.
And he's like, yeah, are you thinking what I'm thinking?
Yeah.
So then the following week, you can hear a stalling because Eric couldn't do it.
And then I think another way.
And it's like this way.
He probably won't do it.
How about that?
Yeah, exactly.
He might, but he might.
And also don't plan shit like Harmon.
Don't do it.
It's stupid.
It's so dumb to try to.
It's like you try to grab a butterfly.
First, one of two things is going to happen.
You do great and you just crush it to death or you blow it out of the way.
You know, when it goes away, like it's a fucking butterfly.
Just let it be, you know, just hang on.
Thank you, ladies.
I fucked your mama.
So then this week, it was one more time.
I was like, oh, I think because Eric, Eric goes like maybe, maybe not.
And then, and then so we're like, we had a guy on standby that was going to come in.
Our friend Joe Unger hangs out at the drying room.
Because when you get to be my age, there's very few men who can play your father left
in Los Angeles.
We're working as performers.
So what the other guy we could think of was Joe Unger.
Yeah, he'll be good.
At the drying room.
And I think that might happen because I think he'd be a delight to have as a little character.
You will adore Joe Unger.
But at any rate, so he, then everything was like getting confused with schedule stuff.
He had a rap party he wanted to go to and blah, blah, blah.
So I called Spencer and I said, let's just forget it.
But the light, the silver lining is.
Is that Spencer got up and wrapped?
Is that, is that Spencer and I up till now have been communicating through Twitter direct messages.
And today two things happened.
One, we fucked around with him all that, all that, all that much.
And also I accidentally.
You fucked his mom.
I accidentally public tweeted a DM to my DM.
And so enough was enough.
And I just gave him my phone number.
Spencer and I have upgraded our relationship.
We are.
You're in my phone now.
We're the best of buds.
I fucked your mama in the dirt and the mud.
I fucked your salt.
I fucked your pepper.
I fucked your mama like a pig and a heifer.
Fucked her on the farm.
Fucked her in the city.
Rolled her in the dough.
Squeezed all her titties.
I drank her milk.
Fucked your mama soft to silk.
Okay, that one went back into misogyny.
Yeah, I don't like the rolling in the dough thing.
Well, she called her a heifer.
You kind of made her a farm animal.
You squeeze all of her titties and make her seem like, you know.
Okay, I know how to make it.
I know how to make it right.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I fucked your daddy.
I sucked his dick.
I cradled his balls till they made me sick.
Oh, shit.
Oh, so the song was over, sorry.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
God damn it.
Ladies and gentlemen, there are seven people who fucked your daddy in the world.
You are about to witness the eighth.
Yo, yo, who wants their daddy fucked tonight?
Yeah, I fucked your daddy.
I nuzzled his nuts.
I fucked his dick.
I fucked his butt.
I had him over to my house for dinner.
I fucked your daddy.
I'm a daddy fucking winner.
I fucked your daddy on the roof of my house.
I fucked your daddy.
I wish I was his spouse, but it's not legal in most of the states.
I fucked your daddy on his fine china plates.
I fucked your daddy.
I fucked him bad.
I fucked your daddy while your mom was out.
She had a great afternoon.
Totally rusted.
She came home and watched Homeland.
I fucked your daddy.
There you go, ladies.
It's about time.
Obama won, you know?
And as rude as the treatment might have been for that daddy,
you at least were sensitive enough to nuzzle his nuts.
Spencer, we're sorry about your brother.
But sometimes you need two nuts to get nuzzled.
Nuzzle his meditation balls.
It's nice, not alliteration.
Consonance?
Nuzzle his nuts?
It's good.
Nuzzle his alliteration?
Yeah, I don't know.
Tintinabulation.
All right, Vincent Price is here.
Yes, thank you for saying my favorite word.
The tintinabulation.
Wait, the woman that has booed you and...
This is a very tempestuous relationship.
Yeah, it seems like a free radical back there.
Remember when we were in some car or something,
we were talking about what if Vincent Price did more bridges
and more songs?
Instead of just thriller, we were doing Vincent Price
doing his talking bridges for other songs.
It was like...
How's that going to work?
You can go out of a Fuck Your Daddy rap
and then have Vincent Price.
We're starting from the top, though.
All right, so this is Fuck Your Daddy rap
with Vincent Price doing a breakdown.
Doing a breakdown.
We're planning now, so it's going to fall apart.
No, it's going to be good.
It's going to be a goodie.
MC Daddy Fucker!
Yo, yo, yo, yo.
See a lot of people in the house
descended from paternal lineage.
Well, I got news for you.
Here's what I'm going to do.
I fucked your daddy in the house of the sky.
I fucked your daddy like Apple Pie.
It's the American way.
Obama's new land.
I fucked your daddy in the palm of a hand
at a giant, in a giant world.
I fucked your daddy like he was a girl, lovingly.
I caressed his ass.
I fucked your daddy at the head of the class.
Howard Hessman was watching the thing.
I fucked your daddy till he started to sing.
La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la.
Darkness descends on your father's asshole.
A million penises go inside of it.
A hurricane of semen.
A swirling in his brown rectum.
He will not love again.
I fucked your daddy on the roof of the house of the sky.
I fucked your daddy and he didn't know why.
I fucked your daddy in both of his eyes.
I fucked your daddy till he said goodbye.
Is there a tissue back there?
I'm crying.
I was in the fetal position on the stage at one point.
I feel like Vincent Price can do better than that.
For future efforts, he is just sort of graphic and brown sperm.
You're supposed to wax poetic.
The whole point is that the guy from the street
lays it on the line and then you come in
and give it an air of erudite, like.
Yeah.
I think Vincent could have maybe dealt a little bit more
with the fact that you fucked someone's daddy
and the palm of a giant's hand.
That's getting late.
Yeah.
That's how you know you've fucked someone
and has had sex with me.
Someone has had a giant.
I don't know you've been fucked.
Yeah.
All right.
That was fucking good.
Yeah.
We should press some vinyl, man.
Enough is enough.
Yeah.
No.
We're going to go find some vinyl.
You could have a record.
Yeah.
We're going to do it.
iTunes, direct.
Just fucking fucked your mama on the A side,
fucked your daddy on the B side.
Like it's like a theme album.
It's like each track has a sibling track.
And then there's all these liner notes
about street culture.
I'll hire somebody to write that.
Speaking of subcontracting, you aren't here in the green room
today.
It's a little bit of an awkward experience,
speaking of relationships being upgraded.
Spencer's is my choice, of course, as I decided.
Then there's Adam Goldberg, who upgrades our relationship
at his discretion.
He took a new step today.
He was outside the green room, and I came to the green room.
I walked in, and I left the green room door open,
because I didn't want to close it on his face.
I was just going to the fridge.
And he walked in, and he started pitching me
a little segment that he wants to do.
And he was in the green room.
But he did after a while.
He called McGathey's game quarter?
He said, yeah, Adam Goldberg has a segment that he wants to do.
I think that he has provided for Harmontown as much
as he's taken away, perhaps.
Oh, certainly.
He's provided more, certainly.
I think the benefit is I'll wait the cost of having him around.
And he did eventually, after he said his piece,
my silence as I poured my vodka, he waited just before I
had to say it, and he kind of excused himself
and left the green room.
So that's good.
We should reward that behavior.
Oh.
That didn't go the direction I thought it was going to go.
No, no, he's not on the bottom of my car right now.
He's still keeping himself within certain boundaries,
I think, and providing us with a lot of pleasure
and fascination.
And also, we just don't know if you
don't give him what he wants.
And then there's an incident that involves,
I don't know, a tower and a rifle.
Who do we have to blame but ourselves?
Who can say that we didn't see it coming?
Who can say that we don't have 16 episodes of recording sessions?
He's over there stroking his little proto beard.
All right, let's bring Adam Goldberg up for the Adam Goldberg
segment.
That's all we'll call it.
Yo, yo, yo.
Adam Goldberg here with a dick situation.
My parents have been fucked and due to strangulation.
They weren't able to speak, but you know,
they'd have said, Dan Harmon, you're better red than this.
Sometimes the librarian needs to squeeze,
and that's true in here with an internal rhyme freeze.
Hey, this isn't the segment.
I'm just being coy.
Dan needs to get parents fucked on your boy.
Yeah, that's the price.
Oh, that's the price.
Oh.
Another situation from the nerdy boy.
He had a lot of words, and he said, oh, and Dan
went to parents, and that was said.
And parents went with Dan, and all three went to bed.
Oh, creepy.
Developmental disorder.
Descended on your stage in a real form.
The inability to recognize social cues.
Flocking like a hurricane of brown semen.
I'm sorry.
Vincent, Vincent, stop it.
All right.
Sorry about Vincent Price.
A hurricane can flock?
Listen, Vincent Price has been dead a long time.
It's not helping his mad science dropping.
All right, solid, solid, solid, solid, solid.
Back to the parent fucking well on this one.
That went parent fucking well when we went back.
Were you sitting there kind of writing a little bit
in your head?
You were writing a little rap in your head.
No, I wasn't.
I was trying to update this, which is,
anyone here like Prairie Home Companion?
No?
Yes, I didn't give you enough time to respond there.
Bad social cue on that one.
Yeah, I think the answer was no.
Good, because I'm going to tear it a new asshole.
Oh, shit.
Garrison Keeler, you hear it?
Can you listen to this?
Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo.
Lake Wobagon?
Oh, sorry.
Sorry.
Wow.
I feel like you making fun of me, Jeff,
is the best part of your week.
I haven't said anything.
I know.
You're savoring it.
You're waiting because you make fun of me.
I'm like a Puma on a limb right now.
We're ready to pounce.
Perfect.
It's been a quiet week in Lake Harmontown, California,
my hometown.
Wait, so you're not pitching the bid.
You're actually going to do the bid.
No one can do the bid.
Oh, yeah, no, he pitched in the green room.
I pitched the bid, and they were very interested in me.
I was so distracted by the social nervousness of like,
Adam Goldberg's in the green room,
and he's just pitching me something.
I didn't really hear the pitch, so I just like,
we'll bring you up.
It's more of a warning.
You know, I've been scouting out towers, you know?
Oh, Jesus.
Been smoking a lot of squeebs guava and just, you know?
All right, what's the segment?
It's a news from Lake Harmontown.
Right.
What's the elevator pitch?
I don't think Erickson Keeler can sue me over a podcast.
He's the elevator pitch.
OK.
All right.
I have no idea what that means.
I'll take 10 episodes.
I can do six.
All right, no, fuck it, for better or for worse.
Here we go.
Do you want some play in music?
Like, do you have anything folksy?
Just folksy?
Yeah, I got something.
You want like, down home-y kind of folksy?
Sure, that would be spectacular.
Let's see what we got here.
I applaud your restraint, because the easy laugh
would have been to just hit the hip hop, too.
You are a craftsman.
You're like a Chinese acrobat.
Bad at math?
What's that?
What?
That's why the Chinese acrobatics team
is notoriously bad at math.
That's why they had to acrobatics.
This might not be apropos.
It might not be fitting.
I'm going to go Tiki on this one.
So here you are.
No, no, no, no, no.
Thank you.
It's been a quiet week in Lake Harmontown, California,
my hometown.
Autumn has come to Lake Harmontown,
dropping the thermostat to a frosty 62 degrees.
You sometimes have to wear a sweater if you go out at night,
which is bothersome for the more athletic among us.
Jeff Davis, Comptroller Jeff Davis,
is even considering turning on the heated as apartment,
but instead had them send over another batch of girls.
Jeff Davis, a fabulous good sport, recently won the world
record for saying, I don't normally say this to girls,
but you know, he may not have to touch that thermostat
until spring.
This week is Thanksgiving, an important time for Lake Harmon.
Is this fan fiction?
Like, uh, it should have been like a slashing.
Monday night is erotic fan fiction.
Is this Harmon's famous slash?
It's going that way.
Yeah.
But it's actually Dan slash Jeff's dad slash.
Oh, right, of course, yeah, Dan's been fucking
my dad and my mom for years.
Oh, yeah.
All right, sorry, continue.
This week is Thanksgiving, an important week
for Lake Harmonians, all of them who
can't afford plane tickets home or putting their $10
on the barrel, frantically Facebooking before the show,
trying to find out which dinner party to attend.
Fedora was talking to Cheruse earlier,
wondering if it's worth driving to Santa Monica
to avoid having to make her own cranberry sauce.
He says it is if she can avoid the taking the 405.
It's a time of change for Harmonians.
They're wondering if they're going to colonize the moon this year.
And if Jeff Blue will do the flight refunds,
everyone's planning a Christmas.
I don't have the same garrulous, joyful voice that he does.
But I think this is going pretty well.
You're doing wonderfully.
Well, this much material at his pace would be like, you know.
He goes 50 minutes.
I'm going to get this under 150, minus self-comments.
They're wondering if they're going to colonize the moon
this year.
And if Jeff Blue will do flight refunds,
if that's the case.
Everyone's planning a Christmas return to their colder states,
unless it becomes really crazy in post for Wolverine.
People are really putting their hopes up
after X-Men First Class.
They're saying it did a lot right that movie.
It did a lot right.
It's time for winter coffee here in Harmontown.
All the new flavors of coffee are in the one with mint,
winter mint, peppermint, coffee cans, and coffee meetings,
which aren't officially business or dating or anything
really.
It can be quite fun until one person or another says
the word so.
Or, I know why we're both here, or offers to buy lunch.
Then there's that one-on-one aspect to them.
If there's three people, you can check
to see if you've got any Facebook friend invites.
But with two, that's a sign of rudeness.
Coffee is a tricky thing in Harmontown, at least to drink.
Page two.
In the second page.
One Armenian face was putting $20
into a broke friend's gas tank in Glendale, as one does.
And got a call to meet in Studio City.
Got right back in his car and drove
to meet someone for what wasn't a business meeting,
but rather a guilt trip on taking too long to get
from Glendale to Studio City.
And it started to rain.
Dan, what do you want to do later on after the show?
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, go ahead.
And it started to rain when he was driving, the first time
at Rainton Lodge in Angeles this autumn.
When he got there, Jace was hurrying for taking so long,
as it's assumed that Glendale and Studio City are adjacent.
And rain doesn't slow down LA traffic uncontrollably.
Or that he can be available in zero minutes time
for not even a business meeting, just an offer
to potentially maybe help a pitch for a pilot
he was jerked around during.
This meeting went predictably terribly,
the way we're all hoping the new Wolverine doesn't.
There's a whole lot in line for the franchise.
And it rained a lot on Lake Harmontown in general.
People stood in torrential line Sunday
for buying Squeebsquab.
Wet, but definitely worth it, but definitely wet.
And Jace was tempted to think about the squeaky windshield
wiper on his car, the goldsmobile.
But he's waiting on some money.
You know, if it gets down to 50 degrees,
he may need to buy a winter jacket.
That's the news from Lake Harmontown, California,
my hometown, where the men are handsome,
and the women are mostly Aaron.
All right.
Adam Goldberg.
Yeah.
Oh.
He's ripping up his segment.
We got some humanity out of him.
Back to the tower.
This guy strategically up and gone.
I wasn't going to say anything when you left at the beginning.
Did you get a grilled cheese?
Oh, yeah.
I hate Adam Goldberg.
You broke my heart.
I was like, where's he going?
He paid the meter in times.
All right, Adam Goldberg, ladies and gentlemen.
Woo!
Love him or hate him?
Or in my case?
Do both.
I don't hate you.
I don't love you.
A human coin landing on its edge every week.
I just don't know.
Is he the villain or am I the villain?
What is it?
It's like a mirror in a, in a, in a, in a, in a, in a, in a.
In a seat cucumber.
Yeah.
Wait, did the no lady, did you, was that commentary from the no lady?
That's all right.
No lady.
Do you want to come up here and, OK.
No, she says.
It makes sense.
Yeah, yeah.
Why would she?
Why would she be called no lady?
Yeah.
Don't ask her yes or no questions.
How would you feel about coming up on stage right now?
Oh, no lady.
You could do, you could do a no rap.
You could rap at Vincent Price.
Yeah.
You could get a lot off your chest.
Woo!
It sounds like you, you got a lot, you got a lot in your mind back there.
No, no, no lady is the voice I hear in my head when I do everything.
Everything.
No, no, no lady is, is the, the, the thing I have to overcome in order to treat good women nice.
Like, like, they're always, I'm constantly punishing women for a voice in my head that's
coming from my mother or something that's like disapproving.
You know, it's like, like, that's where misogyny starts is you put women on a pedestal.
You're like either you, you acknowledge their power over you and then, but the women don't
realize that that's where it starts or they do and they don't care because why should
you have to care?
Like, like, but by the time the guy opens his mouth, he's on step three, which is getting
even with you.
And it makes, it makes no sense.
You're just hearing this horrible thing and he's like high-fiving himself and his friends
because it's like, yeah, we did it.
Today we, we took back the night.
It's like, no, you terrorized me.
I, I, I am a vulnerable person.
I'm capable of, of, of, of emotionally fulfilling you and you hate me for it.
Um, score some points with the ladies tonight, I think.
Um, no.
Shut up, mom.
Uh, um, what do we do?
What do we got left to talk about?
I mean, as if we had a list.
We really, really came up empty tonight, but, uh, had, had some good times.
I'm still reeling from the, uh, from the Vincent Price wrap.
Yeah.
It's cool.
It was really cool.
We've given these people a lot, a lot of show.
A lot of show tonight.
You guys really,
What have we learned tonight?
Uh, uh, God damn it.
I know there's, I know there's, I know there's one more thing to do.
All right.
Well, let's do, let's see.
We did this last week.
Are you having a heart attack?
I'm just burping.
I had hummus for lunch.
It's not charismatic.
That was terrifying.
Are you going to take your business elsewhere?
I had hummus for lunch.
Uh, yeah.
Who's, who's, who's, who's, who's, who's feeling, who's feeling vulnerable.
Who's feeling, who's feeling in transition.
Who's feeling, who's feeling like they need, they need support.
Okay.
We've got a, we've got a guy raising up the back of his hand.
Right.
Come on.
Do you want to come up here?
That's why I'm asking.
We experiment last week, which hasn't aired yet.
I read some of my journal from when I was like 15 and it created a very strange emotional
vacuum in the room.
Uh, it wasn't like the audience was having a bad time, but it was like, it was very
like, it was very like raw, not raw, like, oh, what an awesome journal.
It was like, it was like, it just created, it just made us all feel 15 again.
And then Spencer could barely roll his dice and everything just went a little, a little
haywire.
It went a little adolescent.
And then our friend in the audience, Jesus Diaz, Jesus, are you here tonight?
Okay.
Jesus, he's sitting a little further back tonight.
Uh, he, we did this with him.
He just, I said, who's, who's here?
And we realized we kind of stumbled into this Baptist revival thing.
That, that's what they do.
I also found out it's not that easy.
It's like, you know, we make fun of these people and we call them charlatans and stuff, but
they're providing a service and it is kind of the same thing.
Like you, you stand in front of an audience.
Everyone is like, okay, we're here for some reason.
We want to feel a certain way.
And then someone says, who, there's someone in the room that's feeling something.
And, and like you, you get excited.
If you put, if you put enough pressure on that gas pedal, you just have a revival tent.
I don't want people like, like thinking that they can walk again and stuff.
Uh, uh, I went to, and I had a girlfriend that was very, uh, very Christian.
And we went to Malibu to this church and there was a faith healer there.
And if it was a put on, it was the best designed put on of all time.
And if it was real, then amazing.
But like people were getting up there and shit was getting done.
It was really wild.
And you can't, I mean, I'm, you know, there's a party that wants to believe that.
There's a party that wants to be that can't believe it.
And so you're sitting there like, but in that moment, everyone in that building was like,
that guy can hear again.
Right.
Like there was a guy that couldn't hear.
But like, you know, I mean, he probably could hear a little better.
Maybe it was fake or whatever.
But, but it's like, like, leave the hearing out of it as my, I'm saying like,
because I think everybody in this room has been and so, hey, what do you want?
What are you doing?
I'm kidding.
Uh, yeah.
Meanwhile, a man has been on our stage for five minutes.
I didn't control that very well.
What was your name, sir?
Yeah.
What's your name?
My name is Misha.
Misha.
Welcome.
Is this a masculinity to say that is a adorable kitten's name?
It's better than a lot of what I've gotten throughout the years.
What's the worst thing you've gotten?
Misha Barton for way too long.
Misha, what?
Barton from the O.C.?
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
I don't know how my bullies torment me.
You're young enough to have people tease you about the O.C.?
Yeah, I know.
I'm telling you, man.
Enjoy it while it lasts, young ins.
Like a crisp orange leaf blowing through your daddy's dick.
Yo.
I fucked your mama.
And I fucked your daddy.
Sorry.
Sorry, Misha.
Misha, what's on your plate tonight, Misha?
Yeah.
What's brought you...
One of them has to get laid.
Yes.
What brought you up here?
Some spirit.
I'm in a weird transition period of my life.
I'm about to graduate from college next semester.
But I'm also 19, so I'm trying to figure out what to do with everything.
Are you some kind of prodigy?
No.
But is it 19, like, way too...
It's really young.
No.
Did your parents push you?
Did you graduate at 16 high school?
I graduated at 16.
It was weird.
I don't know.
I went to college when I was 16, which is...
The OC was on the air.
A perfect storm.
All right.
What's your field?
What's your...
Uh, writing for TV and film, actually.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
Okay, so where do you go to school?
Emerson College.
Hmm.
I'm out of my depth.
I don't know anything about this circuit.
Like, I became a writer, but I don't know anything about how you become a writer.
I don't know anything about this path.
I don't either.
All right.
So 19 graduated.
You don't know what you want to do.
Is this just a...
Well, let's get this cynical thought out of our heads.
This isn't just a ploy to get me to read your screenplay.
No, I don't actually have a screenplay.
I realized in school I wasn't good at it.
And I was like, oh, maybe this isn't the right thing for me.
So you're at the end of that road.
You're going out of the world and you kind of...
Now you're having second thoughts about the whole choice.
Yeah.
What is your option?
What makes you think that you're not good at it?
Uh, I read my scripts.
Well, I don't always a telltale sign.
Yeah, because Dan, like, you know, there was periods in our friendship where Dan was,
like, we were writing a movie and he would never hit print.
He would never let anybody read it.
Like, you hate everything you write.
That's part of being a good writer, probably, isn't it?
Yeah, it is.
It's also part of being a bad writer.
So don't go up on the roof and go, I can fly.
Dan said so.
It just doesn't eliminate any possibilities.
It's not the metric to use.
I can't tell if I'm self-aware or just really self-critical.
I mean, man learned that he could die and then the next thing he started doing is, you know,
burying his friends with arrowheads because it's like, I'm fucking up on Earth.
Like, your awareness is like self-hatred.
So anyways, that part, you can't go by that.
That's helpful.
Well, let's go to the positive side of it.
Is there something else that calls to you that you kind of, no matter how guilty,
no matter what it pays, no matter whether there's a word for it,
is there some passion that you like really, like, God, I wish I was just doing this.
Why didn't I just go in this direction?
Stand up comedy.
Really?
Okay, well, then you're close enough.
Like, that's fine.
Yeah.
All right, do some bits.
Let's hear them.
You got airplane food.
What do you got?
Do you have a tight three?
Do you have material?
I do, but this is a weird form to do it on.
Well, it's up to you.
Like, don't let them pressure you because they don't.
You know what I found?
You know, I traveled in a lot of comedy.
I found a really good way to loosen up is to start off with a little rap.
Yeah, I'll open for you.
There might even be an appearance by a Vets of Price.
Yo, yo, yo, yo, actually, actually, start the song from the beginning.
What we'll do is we'll do a little, we'll do a little Def Jam kind of.
I'll be a host.
I'll be Russell Simmons and I'll come out and I'll introduce a rap act and then I'll
do a little rap.
No, lady.
Just stop.
It's like, at this point, you have to ask yourself, am I at the right show?
You start to become the asshole.
I'm sorry, I'm not.
Actually, Dan, no one said anything.
It's an empty chair with a mop.
It's just an old hat rack back there.
No way, okay, no, you know what, I won't open with a rap because that would bury you.
I will.
Wow.
Take that no, lady.
I will give you the best opener in the world.
I'll do like shitty, horrible stand-up.
Okay, so, all right.
So, ladies and gentlemen, he's open for colleges and clubs all around the country.
Schman, Flanigan.
Oh, wow.
Boy, oh boy.
I can't believe how much pussy's in the audience.
I'd like to eat it with a fork.
Oh, speaking of forks, here's my impression of Bill Clinton talking to a pussy with a fork.
Oh, I did not have relations with a pussy fork.
Oh, seriously, what else is going on?
You know, black people are...
Are they bad people?
They seem like bad people.
I was walking in the grocery store.
I saw a black guy shopping.
He's like, whoa, shit, shit, baby, I want some cereal.
I can't figure these people out.
It's like, you know, we should, we should, you know, do...
I don't know whether to be friends with them or round them up and then put them in some kind of special camp.
I don't know, I don't know if you guys are familiar with the United Nations,
but they have a lot of countries they're represented,
and I always thought it would be weird if they were, if they were, instead of running the world,
that they were running a plumbing company.
And I think it would go, you know, the first thing you'd see when you walk in, you'd see Russia,
you know, oh, me, I love to plunge toilets, oh, comrade.
You look over there, there's China.
Oh, I saw, oh, I need, oh, there's too much shit in my toilets.
Oh, hey, partner, I'm the United States of America, see?
Now, who, who put all this shit in the United Nations toilet?
Hey, don't look at me.
Thank you very much, I'm Span and Bargain.
It's been great.
What, what, what did I do?
Okay, keep it going, folks, comedy isn't easy.
All right, let's keep it going, let's try to shake it off.
We got another, another guy coming up, let's keep it going for Misha!
I can't, am I supposed to rap or am I supposed to tell jokes?
No, dude, do stand up better than that guy, dude.
I can't wait to tell my friends that Dan Harmon opened up for me.
That's number one.
You already got a laugh.
Okay, my name is Misha, Misha is a Russian name,
but I'm not Russian, as you guys can probably tell.
I was given my name because I was conceived during the Cold War
and my parents were pessimists.
What?
According to statistics, I should understand statistics.
For the podcast people, listen, he's Asian.
I love the voice you do for that.
Yes very much.
You're not that Asian.
According to white people, I look like I want to be told I look like Jackie Chan.
And here's the thing, I don't mind being told I look like another Asian.
What I do mind is being told I look like a 57 year old.
My father got called down.
No, no, no, no, no.
This is a big triumph. Jeff is obviously jealous and he's sabotaging you.
That is a good milestone.
Keep keep keep keep going.
I'm not jealous, I'm excited.
Alright.
Oh more?
Yeah.
Close the father joke.
Do I do the same one again?
Wait, I'm confused now.
Can you start with the father, you said my father?
Oh, my father was called Jackie Chan when he was a kid.
My grandfather was called Jackie Chan when he was a kid.
That is not a good family tradition.
You know what a good family tradition though?
Wow, I can't speak English.
You know what a good family tradition though is?
Understanding statistics.
And sort of brings it around full circle.
Sorry, I fucked the bit.
I fucked it up, I'm sorry.
No, it's probably my fault.
Is there any other closer?
Do you get anything else up your sleeve?
Maybe a little wrap?
Okay.
What do you do when shit gets hectic?
Or you haven't done anything yet?
This is a fantasy eye one.
You don't have an old standby.
I'm sorry, I felt the father joke got fucked.
I feel terrible.
I put music cue in the middle of a bit.
I thought that was a thing and I fucked it.
He was killing.
I know he was killing.
He killed.
Let's put it that way.
Misha, ladies and gentlemen.
Get back there and wrap.
Do you want to wrap Misha?
You think you can try?
Or try a wrap?
No, not even just with a wrap.
Just a few licks.
Just give it a whirl.
It'll feel like closure.
People of the world.
All different colors.
We're all united in a Benetton world.
Black, white, brown, purple.
Everyone's feeling the vibe.
I'm an anti-racist rapper.
Feeling the vibe.
It's a bohemian scene on the east side.
Throwing it to my man Misha.
My name is Misha.
I cannot rap.
Not much I know, but that's a fact.
When it comes to rapping, it's the skill I lack.
And that's about that, I guess.
Misha, everyone.
Everyone's a rapper.
That's what I learned tonight.
I'm going to make a prediction since we made a prediction earlier.
I think that Misha, first of all, he's a good stand-up comic.
I think you're 19, right?
Yeah.
Holy shit.
Also, you're driven.
You got your shit together.
It's a little infuriating.
Also, Dan.
You could take a nap for eight years.
And get up and start doing stuff.
And still make half of your friends mad.
And he looks just like Jackie Chan.
He does.
It's like an uncanny.
Like a classic, classic Chan.
Yeah, like an early Chan.
Like an ancient Chan.
Like an ancient secret Chan.
Like the Sist of the Seven Orbs.
That's not a movie.
Oh, wow.
That was good, Misha.
That was fucking awesome.
Also, I think you said that I was being jealous.
What I was was like...
I was making a joke.
I couldn't believe the balls of someone getting up there and doing stand-up in the middle of a show.
That's the balls of a burglar.
Also, the music is very sensitive to his surroundings.
He wasn't just like barreling through his thing.
He was like, well, the music's playing.
He was doing like a 70-yard hurdle dash open.
But there were like jacks on the track.
And he was like kind of like acknowledging them and going,
Ow, ow, okay, still jumping though.
It was our fault that the last bit that he didn't like fucking...
He could have finished with like a fucking backflip.
He's not Jackie Chan, Dan.
He's not actually Jackie Chan.
I'm sorry.
He looks just fucking like him.
I was lateral racist.
He's doing a stereotype of the best stand-ups are black.
And the best act ends with a backflip.
Forgot he was Asian.
That's a horrible thing to say.
We learned several weeks ago not to ask black people time travel questions.
Should never ever suggest that an Asian man does a backflip.
Can you do a backflip, Misha?
No, you can, can you?
You're just saying that.
You're saying no because we're going to make you come up here and do it.
How do people do that?
How do you not fall?
We'll figure that out in a different episode.
All right, let's close in a timely fashion.
It's been a nice, tight show.
I have a feeling people don't come to Harbin Town because they go,
Oh, the show's always two hours long.
Let's fucking blow their minds tonight.
Do a tight 90.
All right.
And what do we, how do we close the show?
Well, it's almost certainly going to be a wrap.
But we have two.
It feels like it has to be.
But how can it possibly, you know...
Maybe, I don't know, can you take the mic around and maybe like...
Does someone want to do a freestyle challenge?
I worked the crowd wrap.
Or does somebody out there feel that they have the chops to come up to do a freestyle?
Oh, a battle.
An eighth mile kind of throw down.
Anybody?
A one-eighth mile special wrap battle.
Anybody want to try their hand at taking down the Grandmaster here?
No one, no one spits this kind of fire.
I wouldn't do it.
I already have a mic in front of my face.
All right.
Well, wait, you should rap battle me.
Huh?
Yeah.
I fucked this guy.
Or did I engineer that entire thing?
Oh shit.
Break it down.
Coming to the stage.
The clash of the Titans.
Dan Harmon versus Jeff Davis.
Yo, yo, I'll bury you.
I fucked your mama.
I fucked her like a sheep or a llama.
Went to the petting zoo, saw her ass, fed her some cashews.
She took a, yo, yo, yo, I'm offended by some things that you said.
I think I've already told you that my mother is dead.
She died of cancer when I was just 13.
She didn't lose a ball, but it still felt mean to die of having cancer in most parts
of her body.
And now you've, you've really treated her like a hottie that you're fucking a corpse.
Yeah.
From that, it's hard to recover.
Yeah, you're trying to fuck my dead mother.
I still fucked her even though she's dead.
How about that?
I took her body to bed.
I put her foot on the post, put her hand on the cradle.
I fucked your mama like her name was Abel.
Ferrara.
Yo, yo, it's an actor.
Yo, yo, Dan, I'll tell you what.
What I'm going to do.
I'm going to fly to Wisconsin, kill your parents and fuck them too.
I'm going to, I'm going to kill them and fuck them with a body.
It's still warm.
I'm going to fuck them and I'm going to do the swarm.
Swarm is a dance where you're coming to your mama.
And then you also call a llama.
You put a llama on your daddy and you fuck it in the rear.
You fuck the promise booty and you fuck your daddy's ear.
Yo, you're talking about fucking my parents.
Yeah.
Yo, yo, that's really mean.
You brought up a dead mom.
Murder.
She threw us for a loop, but I heard your uncle Tom.
That's right.
You're a betrayer of your race.
I heard your mama was a can of mace.
She sprayed her pussy and she sprayed her breasts.
I heard your mama couldn't pass a test.
I heard she took a number two on her own damn pencil.
She didn't understand the meaning of the stencil.
She couldn't understand even a stencil.
Stencils are easy to read.
It was a stencil.
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for coming to Harmontown.
I think that rap battle goes to Jeff.
Thank you very much.
We got some people to thank.
Yes, we do.
They're right here.
First of all, we want to thank Spencer, our Dungeon Master,
who's right there.
And also our well wishes go out to your brother.
Congratulations on his recovery.
We want to thank Misha, Adam Goldberg, as always.
Also, Katie Levine, Zac McKeever, Emily Gordon,
Neil Cramer, Dustin Marshall, Mo Fathelbab, Jenny Fine,
and Shahruz.Shuckett.
Thank you so much for coming down.
I'm Jeff Davis, your Comptroller.
There's the grilled cheese truckers out there.
I want to remind you.
Don't get your grilled cheese.
You guys are awesome tonight.
Thank you.
Dan Harmon, everybody.
Come next week.
There's a point where we're going to break for the holidays.
So there's only a couple of Harmontowns left before.
Eric Eible's not coming next week, any of you guys.
Don't miss it.
Thank you all.
Thank you.
It's always a battle that I have.
That's my test.
Thank you.
You like it.
You